MERCY ATIENO OLOO:
Welcome and thank you
for enrolling in the
Entrepreneurship Foundations
and Mindset subject.
My name is Mercy and I'm your
course coordinator and tutor.
I'm an entrepreneur.
I run my own startup and I
also work as a program manager
for a charity.
I'm passionate about
entrepreneurship
and innovation, and
my passion stems
from wanting to empower women
and create lasting impacts
for their future.
I was born in Kenya
and grew up in Canada.
After graduating from my
first degree up until 2016,
I worked as a tax accountant.
Within this field I
had the opportunity
of working with individuals
across the globe
and gained experience
with tax compliance
from various countries.
However, at the
time, I didn't really
understand how to
bring my creativity
and ideas into my work.
I've always been a risk
taker and adventurous.
In my move to sharpen my
entrepreneurial mindset,
I moved from Canada to
Australia to pursue an MBA
at the University of Adelaide.
The exposure and connections
I made in my studies
and within the
entrepreneurial ecosystem
allowed me to start
my own business.
Today, I'm the co-founder of
HRU Global, an online platform
connecting and championing
fellow female entrepreneurs
in the digital marketplace.
I have learned
that entrepreneurs
go through a lot of trials,
experiments, failure, learning
and iteration, and
these processes
can be quite
difficult to navigate.
Being creative, flexible
and open to new ideas
has allowed me to be successful.
In reflecting upon my
journey in entrepreneurship,
I would encourage anyone
looking to set up a business
or develop an
entrepreneurial mindset to be
ready for an exciting journey.
The Entrepreneurship
Foundations and Mindset subject
gives a general overview
of entrepreneurship
and focuses on the
entrepreneurial mindset.
The skills you acquire
in this subject
will prepare you for creating
your own entrepreneurial career
path, being a valued corporate
team member - intrepreneur -
and using your
enterprising skills
for working within government
or the non for profit sector.
An entrepreneurial mindset is a
way of thinking that allows you
to achieve goals as you develop
your own business or work
within an organisation.
I hope that your ability to
identify opportunities, think
and behave in a more
entrepreneurial way
will improve over the
duration of the subject.
This subject will equip you
with the right theoretical and
practical tools to
help you navigate
the world of entrepreneurship.
This subject has been designed
so that your time on each task
is evenly distributed throughout
the 12 modules of learning.
You will notice that as you
progress through the subject,
the focus of how you're
studying slowly shifts.
The early modules address
learning primarily
through reading content,
watching and listening
to videos, and listening
to audio presentations.
The middle part
of the subject is
reflective of the
time you'll spend
on the more practical elements
that you're learning about,
while the time you spend
learning through reading,
watching and listening
reduces slightly.
And the latter
modules enable you
to devote more time practicing
and refining two out
of the four formal
submissions of this subject,
which represent 65 per
cent of your overall grade,
while the amount of time
you spend reading, watching
and listening is
reduced even further.
The subject has been designed
in such a way that you will
immediately recognise the core
concepts of learning on each
page, no matter how
you choose to study.
While it's strongly
advised that you
plan to study
chronologically, that
is beginning at the
Orientation section
and progressing to Module
1, Module 2 and so on,
you're welcome to
explore, especially
if you see a topic that you're
keen to learn more about.
Upon completion of
this subject, you'll
be able to identify the
differences between an idea
and an opportunity and examine
entrepreneurial behavior
and characteristics.
Whether you go into developing
your own business or work
within your organisation,
you'll be able to: assess
the potential of an opportunity
and determine its viability;
identify how to
attract resources,
manage intellectual
property, legal structures,
ethical issues and risks; and
prepare a feasibility report.
You will have contact with me
during the weekly tutorials
where you'll be encouraged
to engage and ask questions.
You'll also be able to
generate conversations
via the discussion board by
initiating conversations,
responding to discussion
questions that I have prepared,
and asking questions about the
concepts and theories covered
in the subject.